Que.What is cloud computing?
ans:Cloud computing is the on-demand availability of computer system resources, especially data storage and computing power, without direct active 
       management by the user. The term is generally used to describe data centers available to many users over the Internet.
       for e.g,When you make any status update on your Facebook account, you make use of cloud computing. When you check your bank account balance on 
       the phone,again you make use of cloud computing. We can say that cloud computing services are becoming the new common.

Que.what are advantages and disadvantages of cloud.
ans: Advantages of cloud computing.
     1)Less Costs
       	The services are free from capital expenditure. There are no huge costs of hardware in cloud computing. You just have to pay as you operate it
	and enjoy the model based on your subscription plan.
	   
     2)Easy implementation
	  Cloud hosting allows business to retain the same applications and business processes without having to deal with the backend technicalities. 
	  Readily manageable by the Internet, a cloud infrastructure can be accessed by enterprises easily and quickly.
	   
     3)Accessibility
	   Access your data anywhere, anytime. An Internet cloud infrastructure maximizes enterprise productivity and efficiency by ensuring your 
	   application is always accessible. This allows for easy collaboration and sharing among users in multiple locations.
	   
     4)No hardware required
	   Since everything will be hosted in the cloud, a physical storage center is no longer needed. However, a backup could be worth looking into
	   in the event of a disaster that could leave your company's productivity stagnant.
 
     5)Flexibility for growth
	   The cloud is easily scalable so companies can add or subtract resources based on their needs. As companies grow, their system will grow with them.
	   
     6)Efficient recovery
	   Cloud computing delivers faster and more accurate retrievals of applications and data. With less downtime, it is the most efficient recovery 
	   plan.

     Disadvantages of cloud computing.
     1)Internet Connectivity
               	Cloud Computing needs internet connectivity as if there will be no internet connection you won’t be able to access the cloud. Moreover, there 
                	is no other way to gather the data from the cloud.
	   
     2)Lower Bandwidth
              	 Lower bandwidth reduces the benefits of the clouds such that it cannot use properly. A satellite connection can lead to quality disruption,	
	due to higher latency or higher bandwidth.  
	   
     3)Affect of Speed
              	 If a client is using an internet which use by multiple users to download files such as music, documents, and many more. This will reduce the 
             	  speed to use the Cloud.  
	   
    4)Security Issues
       	As Cloud Computing is very secure but still it requires an IT consulting firm’s assistance and advice. Neglecting this can lead to the fact 
	 that the business will become vulnerable to the hackers and the threats.  
	   
   5) Variation is Cost
       	Cloud Computing is an economical option, but if you will consider the installation of the software it can be costly. Installation can lead to
	  some costly feature which can be non-beneficial in the future.  
	   
Que.What is EC2?
ans:Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) is a part of Amazon.com's cloud-computing platform, Amazon Web Services (AWS), that allows users to rent 
    virtual computers on which to run their own computer applications. EC2 encourages scalable deployment of applications by providing a web service 
    through which a user can boot an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) to configure a virtual machine, which Amazon calls an "instance", containing any 
    software desired. A user can create, launch, and terminate server-instances as needed, paying by the second for active servers – hence the
    term "elastic". EC2 provides users with control over the geographical location of instances that allows for latency optimization and high levels 
    of redundancy.
	
Que.Types of cloud computing.
ans:There are four types of cloud computing.
    1. Public cloud
    2. Private cloud
    3. Hybrid cloud
    4. Community cloud
 
1.Public cloud:
        	 Public cloud are managed by third parties which provide cloud services over the internet to public, these services are available as pay-as-you-go 
	billing mode.They offer solutions for minimizing IT infrastructure costs and act as a good option for handling peak loads on the local infrastructure. 
	They are a goto option for small enterprises, which are able to start their businesses without large upfront investments by completely relying on public 
         	infrastructure for their IT needs.A fundamental characteristic of public clouds is multitenancy. A public cloud is meant to serve multiple users, not a single
                 customer.  A user requires a virtual computing environment that is separated, and most likely isolated, from other users.


2.Private cloud:
        	Private clouds are distributed systems that work on a private infrastructure and providing the users with dynamic provisioning of computing 
        	resources.Instead of a pay-as-you-go model as in public clouds, there could be other schemes in that take into account the usage of the cloud	
  	and proportionally billing the different departments or sections of an enterprise.

        The advantages of using a private cloud are:

        Customer information protection: In private cloud security concerns are less since customer data and other sensitive information does not flow
        out of a private infrastructure.

        Infrastructure ensuring SLAs: Private cloud provides specific operations such as appropriate clustering, data replication, system monitoring 
        and maintenance, and disaster recovery, and other uptime services.

       Compliance with standard procedures and operations: Specific procedures have to be put in place when deploying and executing applications 
       according to third-party compliance standards.This is not possible in case of public cloud.

 
3.Hybrid cloud:
      	 Hybrid cloud is a heterogeneous distributed system resulted by combining facilities of public cloud and private cloud. For this reason they are
	  also called heterogeneous clouds.A major drawback of private deployments is the inability to scale on demand and to efficiently address peak 
	   oads. Here public clouds are needed. Hence, a hybrid cloud takes advantages of both public and private cloud.	
	   
4.Community cloud:
       	Community clouds are distributed systems created by integrating the services of different clouds to address the specific needs of an industry,
	  a community, or a business sector.In community cloud, the infrastructure is shared between organization which have shared concerns or tasks.
	  The cloud may be managed by an organization or a third party.	   
